You too. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Doc. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Jesus, you smoke too? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

It's my dad. Jesus. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Right. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Working. Stop it. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Sit here, Marty. I'm gonna be at the dance. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. this has gotta be a dream.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Whoa, whoa, okay. It's a board with wheels. He's an absolute dream. Shit.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

No, Doc. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Children. Where?

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Doc, is that a de- Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. I just wanna use the phone.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I will. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Yeah. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Ah. Whoa. Well gee, I don't know.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Biff. Wait a minute. Science Fiction Theater. What?

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Are you okay?

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Sit here, Marty. Ahh.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Flux capacitor. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Right, and where am I gonna be? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Where were we.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Whoa, this is heavy. McFly. No, why, what's a matter? I'll get it back to you, alright? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Huh? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Right. Oh yes sir. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Uh, yeah. What Lorraine, what?

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Yeah. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Where? Yeah. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

It's about the future, isn't it? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Right, and where am I gonna be? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Huh? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Never? Where the hell are they.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? What? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Ahh. Ahh. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Whoa, wait, Doc. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Uh, yeah. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. I hope so. Yeah, sure, okay. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Who? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. I hope so. Yeah okay.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. The keys are in the trunk. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Ronald Reagon. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Excuse me. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Leave me alone. Where? I can't play.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Quiet. I'm gonna be at the dance. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Ah, where're my pants? That ain't no airplane, look. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Mom, Dad.

Ronald Reagon. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Who are you? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. You'll find out in thirty years.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Watch it, Goldie. How's your head?

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Whoa, wait, Doc. What did you say? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

What's a rerun? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Which one's your pop?

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Without any sugar. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. You know what I do in those situations? Ah. Whoa.

George, help me, please. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Science Fiction Theater. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Ah, honey, your first novel. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Really.

The future, it's where you're going? Right, I got it. Never? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Doc. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Yeah. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Damn. I'm late for school.

What, what, ma? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Which one's your pop? You don't understand. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Yeah. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Stop it. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. What's the meaning of this.

Mom, Dad. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Well, they're bigger than me. Science Fiction Theater. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. I think I know exactly what you mean. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Lorraine, are you up there? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. The flux capacitor. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Oh.

That's good advice, Marty. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Science Fiction Theater. Whoa, this is heavy.

That's for messing up my hair. Weight has nothing to do with it. What, what? Stop it. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

You bet. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Now Biff, don't con me. Alright, punk, now- Jesus, you smoke too?

I don't wanna see you in here again. Its good. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Now Biff, don't con me.

What Lorraine, what? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Oh. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I can't play.

I'm gonna ram him. Oh yes sir. Yeah. Next, please. Bet your ass it works.

What? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. He's a very strange young man. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Ahh. Why do you keep following me around? That's him. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Well, she's not doing a very good job. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. You're gonna be in the car with her.

Let's put him in there. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Mom, is that you? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Who, who? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Oh. Who is that guy. Stop it. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Huh? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Hello. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

You're George McFly. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Where were we. Okay Doc, this is it. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

Oh, what I meant to day was- That's him. Marty, you made it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Weight has nothing to do with it.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Maybe you were adopted. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Oh yes sir. Who? Yeah. George, help me, please. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

What did you say? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. He's alright. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Keys? What? Well, this is a radiation suit. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. What Lorraine, what? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Don't tell me anything. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. This is for all you lovers out there.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Hello. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. What's with the life preserver? Thanks a lot, kid. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Huh? Yeah, exactly. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Ah. Take care. Why not? Just finishing up the second coat now. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Why do you keep following me around? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Where? Marty, such a nice name. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Leave me alone. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Who's are these? What the hell is this? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Uh?

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Because, you might regret it later in life. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Uh, yeah. C'mon, c'mon let's go. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? That's George McFly?

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Who? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Um, well it's a delorean, right? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Right. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Yoo. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. What a nightmare. Did you hurt your head?

No, why, what's a matter? Just finishing up the second coat now. What? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? What? Doc, wait. No, bastards. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Huh? Crazy drunk drivers. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

George. Don't tell me anything. Doc. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Is she pretty? No, not yet. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Nothing's coming to my mind.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. I just wanna use the phone. Who, who? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Are you okay? Right check, Doc. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Scram, McFly. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yet. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Don't say a word. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Next, please. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What? Because, you might regret it later in life.

Oh, yeah, yeah. You have this thing hooked up to the car? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? God dammit, I'm late. Yoo.

Jennifer. Science Fiction Theater. Ahh. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Why do you keep following me around? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

You got a permit for that? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Wrecked? No.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. C'mon, c'mon. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Right. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- What? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

This sounds pretty heavy. Where were we. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Yeah. Who, who?

Watch it, Goldie. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Shit. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Bet your ass it works. C'mon, c'mon. You don't understand. Marty, are you alright?

He's alright. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. It's about the future, isn't it? I think I know exactly what you mean. Good morning.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Why not? Yeah. Wait a minute. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Right. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- George: you ever think of running for class president? I have a feeling too.

Well, I guess that's everything. I'll get it back to you, alright? I don't wanna see you in here again. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Oh, yeah, yeah. That's him. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Oh. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Alright, punk, now- Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? You too.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. That's good advice, Marty. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Jesus.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. What the hell is this? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I think we need a rematch. Ahh.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Don't tell me anything. Really. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Precisely.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Well, she's not doing a very good job. I've gotta go. Yeah. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

You know what I do in those situations? Listen, Doc. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Go. Yeah, who are you? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. this has gotta be a dream. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. C'mon. Stop it.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Children.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Right about here. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Oh, yeah, yeah.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? It's my dad. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Yeah. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Without any sugar. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

You're gonna be in the car with her. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Good morning.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Hello, Jennifer. The future, it's where you're going? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I'll call you tonight. Excuse me. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Marty, such a nice name.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Huh? What was it, George, bird watching? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- What? What, what? Its good. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Well, I guess that's everything. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Good morning.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Alright, punk, now- I, I don't know. Children. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Hey. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Oh, what I meant to day was- Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? George: you ever think of running for class president?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Keys? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Its good.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Well gee, I don't know. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Ahh. Listen, Doc.

Sit here, Marty. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Right. That's a big bruise you have there. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. No, not yet. What did you say? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. No. Well uh, good, fine. Leave me alone. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Huh?

Ahh. Ahh. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I, I don't know. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

He's a very strange young man. Yeah. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. This sounds pretty heavy.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Back to the future. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Nothing's coming to my mind.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

That's George McFly? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Well uh, good, fine. Why do you keep following me around?

Yeah. Your, your right. Yeah. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Breakfast.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- I don't wanna see you in here again. What? That's good advice, Marty. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Nothing's coming to my mind. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. George, help me, please. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? You don't understand.

Children. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Hey boy, are you alright? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Hey.

Marty you gotta come back with me. You got a permit for that? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. It's a board with wheels.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. No, why, what's a matter? Without any sugar. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Without any sugar. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Well, I guess that's everything. And he could sleep in my room. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Doc, you gotta help-

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Flux capacitor. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

No. You're gonna be in the car with her. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Don't tell me anything. Don't tell me anything. Precisely. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Excuse me. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? I'll get it back to you, alright? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? George. George.

Are you okay? Lorraine. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Alright, we're the pinheads. Bet your ass it works.

Well gee, I don't know. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Watch it, Goldie. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Excuse me. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? About how far ahead are you going? Bet your ass it works.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Really. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Marty, are you alright? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Is she pretty?

C'mon, c'mon. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Marty, you made it. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Did you hurt your head?

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Marty, will we ever see you again?

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Ahh. Ahh. Alright, punk, now- Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Lorraine, are you up there?

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Oh, yeah, yeah. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Working.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. It's about the future, isn't it? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Well, Biff. Wow, you must be rich. You're George McFly. George. George. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. I think we need a rematch. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Huh?

Wrecked? No, bastards. You don't understand. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Ahh. Perfect, just perfect. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- No, Biff, you leave her alone. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Oh. The keys are in the trunk. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? I'm gonna be at the dance.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Well, I guess that's everything. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Its good. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Marty, is that you? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Well, I guess that's everything. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Crazy drunk drivers. Did you hurt your head? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Huh? Well, Biff. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Go. Which one's your pop?

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. The keys are in the trunk. Excuse me. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Ah, where're my pants? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Yeah okay. It's a board with wheels. The future, it's where you're going? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. I think we need a rematch. What? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Go. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Alright, I'm ready. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Say that again. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

No, not yet. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Don't say a word.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Mom, is that you? Doc, is that a de- Erased from existence. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

What, I don't get what happened. Marty, such a nice name. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Yeah, exactly. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I've gotta go. Don't tell me anything. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

What? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Flux capacitor. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Good morning. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Watch it, Goldie.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. No. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

George. George. Ah, where're my pants? That's George McFly? I'll call you tonight. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Just finishing up the second coat now. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? I'll get it back to you, alright?

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. No, why, what's a matter? Because, you might regret it later in life. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Take care. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Science Fiction Theater. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Ahh.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. The future, it's where you're going? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

You do? And he could sleep in my room. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Yeah, gimme a Tab. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Marty, will we ever see you again? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Whoa, whoa, okay. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. I think I know exactly what you mean. Ah. You know what I do in those situations? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Biff. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. What? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Let's get him. I'm gonna be at the dance. Mom, Dad. Unroll their fire.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. No, Doc.

Oh yes sir. Don't say a word. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Well uh, good, fine. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Good morning. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Let's put him in there.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Precisely. Marty you gotta come back with me. Right. Are you okay?

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Lorenzo, where're you keys? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. What Lorraine, what?

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. What, what, ma? Oh.

The storm. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Marty, are you alright?

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Doc, you gotta help-

I think we need a rematch. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Crazy drunk drivers. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Is she pretty? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. How's your head? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? What's the meaning of this. Ah, where're my pants?

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yeah, I think maybe you do. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I will.

That's a big bruise you have there. Because, you might regret it later in life. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Mom, Dad.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Why not? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Alright, punk, now- Yeah. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Yeah. I just wanna use the phone.

I think we need a rematch. We do now. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Doc, is that a de- Oh. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

What's the meaning of this. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Who are you? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Huh?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Are you gonna order something, kid? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Hey boy, are you alright? You do? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

You know what I do in those situations? Save the clock tower. Thanks, thanks a lot. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Sit here, Marty.

Ahh. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? I have to tell you about the future. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? George: you ever think of running for class president? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Jesus. Back to the future. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. What about George? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Hello, Jennifer. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Go. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? C'mon, c'mon. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Its good. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Marty, that was very interesting music. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Yet. Right. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Ah, honey, your first novel. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. McFly. No, not yet.

Jennifer. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. And where's my reports? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. I just wanna use the phone. Marty, such a nice name. Thank you. In about thirty years. I can't play.

What Lorraine, what? Uncle Jailbird Joey? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Yet. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Okay Doc, this is it. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Hi.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Who's are these? It's my dad. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Uh, well, I gotta go. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Well, Biff.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well, she's not doing a very good job. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Ah well, sort of. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Don't tell me anything. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

The flux capacitor. What did you say? Um, well it's a delorean, right? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Children.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I just wanna use the phone. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Stop it. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Oh. Doc. Marty, that was very interesting music.

Wow, you must be rich. Who do you think, the Libyans. I have to tell you about the future. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Alright, we're the pinheads. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

It's my dad. Yeah, he's right here. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Oh, yeah, yeah. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Ahh. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. You don't understand. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. This sounds pretty heavy.

Why do you keep following me around? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Who, who? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? We do now. Huh? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Never? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Really. I can't play. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Right, and where am I gonna be? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Ah. Whoa. Leave her alone, you bastard. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Crazy drunk drivers.

I haven't Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. What did I just say?

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Well gee, I don't know. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Oh, yeah, yeah.

How's your head? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Marty, that was very interesting music. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. What? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.